--- title: Feasibility description: 'Feasibility' --- How do-able is my project? <!--more--> ## Overall Personally, I do think my project is do-able. Resource-wise I need access to python, SQLMap, OpenStack, and a working database. With these things, I will create my own data to fill up my database. Pertaining to my experiments, I want to explore what commands produces what results and how the results affect my database. I do think with the amount of data I plan to use it will take me a few months to cover all that I would like to cover. There will be different variations of the commands so I plan to cover all that I can and with that as well, certain conditions have to be met for certain commands to run. All in all I do think this project is do-able. ## Detailed 1. Hardware: What hardware equipment is necessary to run this project? Include computer specifications or access to a cloud service. Other than the obvious machine that I need to work on, I need access to OpenStack. OpenStack is an open source cloud operating system managing compute, storage, and networking resources throughout a data center using APIs. Being that injection is illegal, having my own "computer" will allow me to create, build, and destroy as I need. 2. Tools: What software, libraries, and similar do you need to complete your project? Provide at least three examples of resources (software tools, programming languages, libraries, etc.) you will use to complete your project. First, you need Python access. In order to run sqlmap, the user needs the updated version of Python. I need to know how to use Python because to run the application itself it uses a python file. So, in order to use the file I need to have Python on my machine. Second, I need SQLMap. SQLMap is an open source tool used to detect and exploit SQL injection flaws. This is the tool I will be using to do SQL injection to see what flaws I can extract from the database I create. Third, I need access to OpenStack. This resource will allow me to perform my experiments as much as I want without the worry of messing something up. Last, I need a working database. For this step, I need a working website and database. This is what the resource WordPress will do for me. It will allow me to create a database with users that I will be able to access with my injections. 3. Skills: How do the skills that you possess contribute to the completion of your proposed project? Discuss your knowledge of programming languages you might use, familiarity with libraries, ability to install software, your proven record of learning new technical skills, etc. 
